feat(forms): add `Composite.Block` to compose reusable blocks of fields and values (#3594)
dnbexperience/eufemia: packages/dnb-design-system-portal/src/docs/uilib/extensions/forms/Composite/Block/info.mdx

---
showTabs: true
hideInMenu: true
---

## Description

`Composite.Block` lets you compose together blocks of fields and values to be reused in different contexts.

## Usage

```tsx
import { Composite, Field } from '@dnb/eufemia/extensions/forms'

const MyBlock = (props) => {
  return (
    <Composite.Block {...props}>
      <Field.PhoneNumber path="/phoneNumber" required />
    </Composite.Block>
  )
}
```

## Path support

> Optioanlly you can define a path to the block component. Fields inside the block will get this path as a prefix of their own path. This makes it possible to reuse the same block component in different contexts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optionally you can define a path to the block component. Fields inside the block will get this path as a prefix of their own path. This makes it possible to reuse the same block component in different contexts.
```

```tsx
import { Composite, Form, Field } from '@dnb/eufemia/extensions/forms'

const MyBlock = (props) => {
  return (
    <Composite.Block {...props}>
      <Flex.Stack>
        <Field.Name.First path="/firstName" />
        <Field.Name.Last path="/lastName" />
      </Flex.Stack>
    </Composite.Block>
  )
}

render(
  <Form.Handler
    defaultData={{
      // MyBlock has a path="/nestedPath" and therefore it is nested in the data context
      nestedPath: {
        firstName: 'Thor',
        lastName: 'Odinson',
      },
    }}
  >
    <MyBlock path="/nestedPath" />
  </Form.Handler>,
)
```

## TypeScript support

> You can optioanlly define what the props of the nested fields should accecpt:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can optionally define what the props of the nested fields should accept:
```
